# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile --universal --all-extras --exclude-newer 2024-09-17T18:00:34.756098Z --python-version 3.11 --resolution lowest-direct --override requirements/override.txt requirements/dev.in pyproject.toml docs/pyproject.toml scripts/pyproject.toml tests/pyproject.toml submodules/cachier/pyproject.toml
-e .
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
-e docs
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
-e scripts
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
-e submodules/cachier
    # via
    #   --override requirements/override.txt
    #   boilercore (pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-tests (tests/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore
    #   boilercore-tests
-e tests
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
accessible-pygments==0.0.5
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.0
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp-retry
    #   fsspec
    #   gcsfs
aiohttp-retry==2.8.3
    # via
    #   dvc-http
    #   scmrepo
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
alabaster==0.7.16
    # via sphinx
amqp==5.2.0
    # via kombu
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via
    #   hydra-core
    #   omegaconf
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via iterative-telemetry
appnope==0.1.4 ; platform_system == 'Darwin'
    # via ipykernel
argcomplete==3.5.0
    # via pipx
astroid==3.3.2
    # via sphinx-autodoc2
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
asyncssh==2.17.0
    # via scmrepo
atpublic==5.0
    # via flufl-lock
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   cyclopts
    #   dvc
    #   dvc-data
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   referencing
    #   sqltrie
babel==2.16.0
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
backoff==2.2.1
    # via posthog
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-tippy
billiard==4.2.0
    # via celery
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
blosc2==2.7.1
    # via tables
bottleneck==1.4.0
    # via pandas
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via google-auth
celery==5.4.0
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   dvc-task
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pygit2
    #   pyzmq
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   ploomber-engine
    #   towncrier
    #   typer
    #   userpath
    #   uvicorn
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   debuglater
    #   dvc
    #   ipython
    #   loguru
    #   pipx
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-autobuild
    #   tqdm
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
configobj==5.0.8
    # via dvc
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via matplotlib
coverage==7.6.1
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via asyncssh
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cyclopts==2.9.3
    # via
    #   boilercore-tools (scripts/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-tools
debuglater==1.4.4
    # via ploomber-engine
debugpy==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dictdiffer==0.9.0
    # via dvc-data
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   boilercore (pyproject.toml)
    #   cachier (submodules/cachier/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore
    #   cachier
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via dvc-data
distlib==0.3.8
    # via virtualenv
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   iterative-telemetry
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via cyclopts
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   boilercore-docs (docs/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-docs
    #   myst-parser
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   rich-rst
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-togglebutton
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
dpath==2.2.0
    # via dvc
dulwich==0.22.1
    # via
    #   boilercore (pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-tools (scripts/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore
    #   boilercore-tools
    #   dvc
    #   dvc-studio-client
    #   scmrepo
dvc==3.51.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   boilercore (pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore
    #   dvc-gs
dvc-data==3.15.2
    # via dvc
dvc-gs==3.0.1
    # via dvc
dvc-http==2.32.0
    # via dvc
dvc-objects==5.1.0
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   dvc-data
dvc-render==1.0.2
    # via dvc
dvc-studio-client==0.21.0
    # via dvc
dvc-task==0.4.0
    # via dvc
entrypoints==0.4
    # via gto
executing==2.1.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via nbformat
fawltydeps==0.16.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
filelock==3.16.0
    # via
    #   iterative-telemetry
    #   virtualenv
flatten-dict==0.4.2
    # via dvc
flufl-lock==7.1.1
    # via dvc
fonttools==4.53.1
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.9.0
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   dvc-data
    #   dvc-http
    #   dvc-objects
    #   gcsfs
    #   scmrepo
funcy==2.0
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   dvc-data
    #   dvc-objects
    #   dvc-task
    #   gto
    #   scmrepo
future==1.0.0
    # via uncertainties
gcsfs==2024.9.0.post1
    # via dvc-gs
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via scmrepo
gmpy2==2.2.0rc1
    # via
    #   boilercore (pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore
google-api-core==2.19.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.34.0
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.1
    # via gcsfs
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==2.18.2
    # via gcsfs
google-crc32c==1.6.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.65.0
    # via google-api-core
grandalf==0.8
    # via dvc
greenlet==3.1.0 ; (python_full_version < '3.13' and platform_machine == 'AMD64') or (python_full_version < '3.13' and platform_machine == 'WIN32') or (python_full_version < '3.13' and platform_machine == 'aarch64') or (python_full_version < '3.13' and platform_machine == 'amd64') or (python_full_version < '3.13' and platform_machine == 'ppc64le') or (python_full_version < '3.13' and platform_machine == 'win32') or (python_full_version < '3.13' and platform_machine == 'x86_64')
    # via sqlalchemy
gto==1.7.1
    # via dvc
h11==0.14.0
    # via uvicorn
hydra-core==1.3.2
    # via dvc
identify==2.6.1
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==8.5.0
    # via
    #   fawltydeps
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   myst-nb
incremental==24.7.2
    # via towncrier
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.29.4
    # via
    #   boilercore-docs (docs/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore (pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore
    #   boilercore-docs
    #   myst-nb
ipython==8.26.0
    # via
    #   boilercore-tools (scripts/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-tools
    #   ipykernel
    #   myst-nb
    #   ploomber-engine
isort==5.13.2
    # via fawltydeps
iterative-telemetry==0.0.9
    # via dvc
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   myst-parser
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-tippy
    #   towncrier
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-cache==1.0.0
    # via myst-nb
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
kombu==5.4.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   dvc
    #   dvc-task
latexcodec==3.0.0
    # via pybtex
linkify-it-py==2.0.3
    # via
    #   boilercore-docs (docs/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-docs
llvmlite==0.43.0
    # via numba
loguru==0.7.0
    # via
    #   boilercore (pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   myst-parser
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.7.2
    # via
    #   boilercore-docs (docs/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore (pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore
    #   boilercore-docs
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.2
    # via myst-parser
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
monotonic==1.6
    # via posthog
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via blosc2
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
myst-nb==1.1.1
    # via
    #   boilercore-docs (docs/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-docs
myst-parser==3.0.1
    # via
    #   boilercore-docs (docs/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-docs
    #   myst-nb
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   myst-nb
    #   nbconvert
    #   ploomber-engine
nbconvert==7.7.3
    # via
    #   boilercore (pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   boilercore-docs (docs/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore (pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore
    #   boilercore-docs
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   myst-nb
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   ploomber-engine
ndindex==1.8
    # via blosc2
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.3
    # via dvc
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via
    #   pre-commit
    #   pyright
numba==0.60.0
    # via pandas
numexpr==2.10.1
    # via
    #   blosc2
    #   pandas
    #   tables
numpy==1.24.4 ; python_full_version < '3.12'
    # via
    #   boilercore-docs (docs/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore (pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-tests (tests/pyproject.toml)
    #   blosc2
    #   boilercore
    #   boilercore-docs
    #   boilercore-tests
    #   bottleneck
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   numexpr
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-stubs
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   tables
numpy==1.26.0 ; python_full_version >= '3.12'
    # via
    #   boilercore-docs (docs/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore (pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-tests (tests/pyproject.toml)
    #   blosc2
    #   boilercore
    #   boilercore-docs
    #   boilercore-tests
    #   bottleneck
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   numexpr
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-stubs
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   tables
numpydoc==1.7.0
    # via
    #   boilercore-docs (docs/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-docs
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   hydra-core
orjson==3.10.7 ; implementation_name == 'cpython'
    # via sqltrie
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   hydra-core
    #   ipykernel
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pip-requirements-parser
    #   pipdeptree
    #   pipx
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
    #   tables
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   boilercore-docs (docs/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore (pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore
    #   boilercore-docs
    #   seaborn
pandas-stubs==2.2.2.240603
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via
    #   jedi
    #   ploomber-engine
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   scmrepo
pexpect==4.9.0 ; sys_platform != 'emscripten' and sys_platform != 'win32'
    # via ipython
pillow==10.4.0
    # via matplotlib
pip==24.2
    # via pipdeptree
pip-requirements-parser==32.0.1
    # via fawltydeps
pipdeptree==2.23.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pipx==1.6.0
    # via
    #   boilercore-tools (scripts/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-tools
platformdirs==3.11.0
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   jupyter-core
    #   pipx
    #   virtualenv
ploomber-core==0.2.25
    # via ploomber-engine
ploomber-engine==0.0.30
    # via
    #   boilercore (pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
portalocker==2.3.2
    # via
    #   cachier (submodules/cachier/pyproject.toml)
    #   cachier
posthog==3.6.6
    # via ploomber-core
pre-commit==3.7.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   ipython
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==5.28.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   flufl-lock
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0 ; sys_platform != 'emscripten' and sys_platform != 'win32'
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
py-cpuinfo==9.0.0
    # via
    #   blosc2
    #   tables
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pybtex==0.24.0
    # via
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pybtex-docutils==1.0.3
    # via sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via
    #   boilercore (pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-tests (tests/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore
    #   boilercore-tests
    #   fawltydeps
    #   gto
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.5.2
    # via
    #   boilercore-docs (docs/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore (pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-tools (scripts/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore
    #   boilercore-docs
    #   boilercore-tools
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.15.4
    # via sphinx-book-theme
pydot==3.0.1
    # via dvc
pygit2==1.15.1
    # via scmrepo
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   accessible-pygments
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pygtrie==2.5.0
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   dvc-data
    #   scmrepo
    #   sqltrie
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   grandalf
    #   matplotlib
    #   pip-requirements-parser
    #   pydot
pyright==1.1.371
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pytest==8.2.2
    # via
    #   boilercore (pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-tests (tests/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore
    #   boilercore-tests
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-custom-exit-code
    #   pytest-github-actions-annotate-failures
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via
    #   boilercore-tests (tests/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-tests
pytest-custom-exit-code==0.3.0
    # via
    #   boilercore-tests (tests/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-tests
pytest-github-actions-annotate-failures==0.2.0
    # via
    #   boilercore-tests (tests/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-tests
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   celery
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   posthog
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boilercore-tools (scripts/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-tools
    #   pydantic-settings
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pywin32==306 ; sys_platform == 'win32' or platform_system == 'Windows'
    # via
    #   dvc-task
    #   jupyter-core
    #   portalocker
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   omegaconf
    #   ploomber-core
    #   pre-commit
    #   pybtex
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   dvc-studio-client
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   iterative-telemetry
    #   posthog
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-tippy
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rich==13.8.1
    # via
    #   cyclopts
    #   dvc
    #   gto
    #   rich-rst
    #   typer
rich-rst==1.3.1
    # via cyclopts
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
ruamel-yaml==0.18.6
    # via
    #   boilercore-docs (docs/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore (pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore
    #   boilercore-docs
    #   dvc
    #   gto
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.8 ; python_full_version < '3.13' and platform_python_implementation == 'CPython'
    # via ruamel-yaml
ruff==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
scipy==1.11.2
    # via
    #   boilercore (pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore
scmrepo==3.3.7
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   gto
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via
    #   boilercore-docs (docs/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-tests (tests/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-docs
    #   boilercore-tests
semver==3.0.2
    # via gto
setuptools==68.0.0
    # via
    #   cachier (submodules/cachier/pyproject.toml)
    #   cachier
    #   dulwich
    #   fawltydeps
    #   incremental
    #   sphinx-togglebutton
    #   zc-lockfile
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
shortuuid==1.0.13
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   dvc-task
shtab==1.7.1
    # via dvc
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   configobj
    #   flatten-dict
    #   posthog
    #   pybtex
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
snakeviz==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sourcery==1.21.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
sphinx==7.3.7
    # via
    #   boilercore-docs (docs/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-docs
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   numpydoc
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-autobuild
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-design
    #   sphinx-thebe
    #   sphinx-tippy
    #   sphinx-togglebutton
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
    #   sphinxcontrib-towncrier
sphinx-autobuild==2024.4.16
    # via
    #   boilercore-docs (docs/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-docs
sphinx-autodoc2==0.5.0
    # via
    #   boilercore-docs (docs/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-docs
sphinx-book-theme==1.1.3
    # via
    #   boilercore-docs (docs/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-docs
sphinx-design==0.6.0
    # via
    #   boilercore-docs (docs/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-docs
sphinx-thebe==0.3.1
    # via
    #   boilercore-docs (docs/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-docs
sphinx-tippy==0.4.3
    # via
    #   boilercore-docs (docs/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-docs
sphinx-togglebutton==0.3.2
    # via
    #   boilercore-docs (docs/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-docs
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-bibtex==2.6.2
    # via
    #   boilercore-docs (docs/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-docs
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-mermaid==0.9.2
    # via
    #   boilercore-docs (docs/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-docs
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-towncrier==0.4.0a0
    # via
    #   boilercore-docs (docs/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-docs
sqlalchemy==2.0.35
    # via jupyter-cache
sqltrie==0.11.1
    # via dvc-data
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.38.5
    # via sphinx-autobuild
sympy==1.12
    # via
    #   boilercore-docs (docs/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore (pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-tests (tests/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore
    #   boilercore-docs
    #   boilercore-tests
tables==3.10.1
    # via pandas
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   gto
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   numpydoc
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1 ; python_full_version <= '3.11'
    # via coverage
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via dvc
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   snakeviz
towncrier==23.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   sphinxcontrib-towncrier
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   dvc-data
    #   fsspec
    #   ploomber-engine
    #   scmrepo
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
typer==0.12.5
    # via gto
types-pytz==2024.2.0.20240913
    # via pandas-stubs
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   asyncssh
    #   cyclopts
    #   ipython
    #   myst-nb
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-autodoc2
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   tables
    #   typer
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   pandas
uc-micro-py==1.0.3
    # via linkify-it-py
uncertainties==3.1.7
    # via
    #   boilercore (pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   boilercore-docs (docs/pyproject.toml)
    #   boilercore-docs
    #   dulwich
    #   requests
userpath==1.9.2
    # via pipx
uvicorn==0.30.6
    # via sphinx-autobuild
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.26.4
    # via pre-commit
voluptuous==0.15.2
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   dvc-studio-client
watchdog==2.3.1
    # via
    #   cachier (submodules/cachier/pyproject.toml)
    #   cachier
watchfiles==0.24.0
    # via sphinx-autobuild
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websockets==13.0.1
    # via sphinx-autobuild
wheel==0.44.0
    # via sphinx-togglebutton
win32-setctime==1.1.0 ; sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via loguru
yarl==1.11.1
    # via aiohttp
zc-lockfile==3.0.post1
    # via dvc
zipp==3.20.2
    # via importlib-metadata
